hi my name is Sarah and this is my
friend Ilsa and today we are going to be
cooking and something amazing she's
helping me because I so stir-fried
chicken look for the whole grain
supposed to be good because I can use
this this is the scene is using cloves
of garlic so then you don't want to
where you don't have garlic pressure and
you don't want to smash it with your
hand or spoon by this
and it gives you be polenta complainers
to 1/2 teaspoon equals 1 but I'm excited
to eat now we're adding the mushrooms
garlic is in there with and look how
green that's good and Jenna's here too
with up we add the chicken it is cooking
now and added the mushrooms to the
broccoli looks amazing and oh the rice
and I'm right yes so you need to bring
that you'll boil so and finished product
Jenna is gonna give it a try put one
more scoop there you go wait for it
nice it's beautiful it's beautiful